In the earlier videos from this week,
as well as from the videos
from the past several weeks,
you've already seen the basic building
blocks of forward propagation and
back propagation, the key components you
need to implement a deep neural network.
Let's see how you can put these components
together to build your deep net.
Here's a network of a few layers.
Let's pick one layer.
And look into the computations
focusing on just that layer for now.
So for layer L,
you have some parameters wl and
bl and for the forward prop, you will input
the activations a l-1
from your previous layer and
output a l.
So the way we did this
previously was you compute z l =
w l times al - 1 + b l.
And then al = g of z l.
All right.
So, that's how you go from the input
al minus one to the output al.
And, it turns out that for later use it'll
be useful to also cache the value zl.
So, let me include this on cache as
well because storing the value zl
would be useful for backward, for
the back propagation step later.
And then for the backward step or for
the back propagation step, again,
focusing on computation for this layer l,
you're going to implement
a function that inputs da(l).
And outputs da(l-1), and
just to flesh out the details,
the input is actually da(l),
as well as the cache so
you have available to you the value
of zl that you computed and
then in addition, outputing da(l)
minus 1 you bring the output or
the gradients you want in order
to implement gradient descent for
learning, okay?
So this is the basic structure of
how you implement this forward step,
what we call the forward function
as well as this backward step,
which we'll call backward function.
So just to summarize, in layer l,
you're going to have the forward step or
the forward prop of the forward function.
Input al- 1 and output, al, and
in order to make this computation
you need to use wl and bl.
And also output a cache,
which contains zl, right?
And then the backward function,
using the back prop step,
will be another function that now
inputs da(l) and outputs da(l-1).
So it tells you, given the derivatives
respect to these activations,
that's da(l), what are the derivatives?
How much do I wish?
You know, al- 1 changes the computed
derivatives respect to deactivations
from a previous layer.
Within this box, right?
You need to use wl and bl, and
it turns out along the way you end up
computing dzl, and then this box,
this backward function
can also output dwl and
dbl, but I was sometimes using red arrows
to denote the backward iteration.
So if you prefer,
we could draw these arrows in red.
So if you can implement
these two functions
then the basic computation of
the neural network will be as follows.
You're going to take the input
features a0, feed that in, and
that would compute the activations of
the first layer, let's call that a1 and
to do that, you need a w1 and
b1 and then will also,
you know, cache away z1, right?
Now having done that, you feed that to
the second layer and then using w2 and b2,
you're going to compute deactivations
in the next layer a2 and so on.
Until eventually, you end up outputting
a l which is equal to y hat.
And along the way,
we cached all of these values z.
So that's the forward propagation step.
Now, for the back propagation step,
what we're going to do
will be a backward sequence of iterations
in which you are going backwards and
computing gradients like so.
So what you're going to feed in here,
da(l) and
then this box will give us da(l- 1) and
so on until we get da(2) da(1).
You could actually get one more
output to compute da(0) but
this is derivative with respect to your
input features, which is
not useful at least for
training the weights of these
supervised neural networks.
So you could just stop it there. But
along the way,
back prop also ends up outputting dwl,
dbl.
I just used the prompt as wl and bl.
This would output dw3, db3 and so on.
So you end up computing all
the derivatives you need.
And so just to maybe fill in
the structure of this a little bit more,
these boxes will use
those parameters as well.
wl, bl and it turns out that
we'll see later that inside these boxes
we end up computing the dz's as well.
So one iteration of training through
a neural network involves: starting with
a(0) which is x and
going through forward prop as follows.
Computing y hat and
then using that to compute this and
then back prop, right, doing that and
now you have all these derivative
terms and so, you know,
w would get updated as w1 =
the learning rate times dw, right?
For each of the layers and
similarly for b rate.
Now the computed back prop
have all these derivatives.
So that's one iteration of gradient
descent for your neural network.
Now before moving on,
just one more informational detail.
Conceptually, it will be useful
to think of the cache here as
storing the value of z for
the backward functions.
But when you implement this, and
you see this in the programming exercise,
When you implement this,
you find that the cache may be
a convenient way to get to this
value of the parameters of w1, b1,
into the backward function as well.
So for
this exercise you actually store in your
cache to z as well as w
and b. So this stores z2, w2, b2.
But from an implementation standpoint,
I just find it a convenient way
to just get the parameters,
copy to where you need to use them later
when you're computing back propagation.
So that's just an implementational
detail that you see when
you do the programming exercise.
So you've now seen what
are the basic building blocks for
implementing a deep neural network.
In each layer there's
a forward propagation step and
there's a corresponding
backward propagation step.
And has a cache to pass
information from one to the other.
In the next video,
we'll talk about how you can actually
implement these building blocks.
Let's go on to the next video.